Ormuco Test - Documentation for Questions and its Solutions <br><br>

1] solutionA.py is a program to check that accepts two lines (x1,x2) and (x3,x4) on the x-axis and returns whether they overlap in the form of 4 integers. The program accepts only 4 integers (Positive OR Negative) as parameters/argument. Program prompts for errors and exits if non-integer is passed as input. The test cases execution for this program can be viewed in Jupyter notebook - "TestCases_SolutionA.ipynb". <br><br> 
2] solutionB.py is a software library that accepts 2 version string as input and returns whether one is greater than, equal, or less than the other. This library is designed in such way that it accepts The version string in major.minor OR major.minor[.build[.revision]] OR major.minor[.build] format only, in deviation in the input will raise exception and progrma will exit with errors. All possible test cases execution for this program can be viewed in Jupyter notebook - "TestCases_SolutionB.ipynb". <br><br> 
3] solutionC.py is api that takes a string as input and returns a list of text insights from the top 5 google results of the query generated by those keywords. Currently this api returns first 5 Google search results in DataFrame ie. Title,Description and Links. A excel file output is also provides. In addition each link of the first 5 search results is further parsed to provide information links again in the form of DataFrame (Printing first 5 results in each case). The execution of this api for "keystone - Circular reference found role inference" can be viewed in Jupyter notebook - "TestCases_SolutionC.ipynb".
